In this lecture we are going to talk about the concrete implementation of mutilator deep now network
with the help of carers.
So Cara's is extremely convenient in the sense that we can create the model.
So basically now we're on a network we are after within minutes.
OK.
If we want to have more control of what's happening under the hood I suggest using Tanzer flow but Cara's
is able to solve most of the problem we are after.
As far as deep now networks are concerned or convolutional now the networks are concerned or recurrent.
Now we're told that folks are concerned.
OK on the other hand Tanzer flow enables you to do everything that you can use for example threads and
parallelization in order to execute the training procedure on a different processor cores.
Or you can use the graphical processing unit in order to boost your algorithm.
So Tanzer flow is the professional framework.
But we can do most of the algorithms with the help of Cara's.
OK so Cara's is the lightweight framework and Tan's or flow is the heavyweight framework.
So let's take a look at the X or problem.
OK so we would like to solve this nonlinearly separable problem with the help of deep.
Now we're on a network.
So we are going to use several hidden layers.
So this is the problem we would like to so that we have two features X and Y and we have a target variable
basically X or a values.
So this problem is dealing with binary.
So the input can be either 0 or 1 0 0 then the output is 0 0 1 the output is 1 to 1 0 the output is
1 and 1 1 the output is 0.
So this is a nonlinearly separable problem.
So we have to use at least one hidden layer.
If we do not use hidden layers at all we are not able to solve this problem because now we really need
to work with out the hidden layer is able to solve linearly separable problem such as deep and logical
relationship.
If we want to solve the X or logical relationship we have to use at least one hidden layer in our implementation.
We use several hidden layers.
We'd really activation function.
So first of all we can create that training data set as a non-pilot array as you can see this is the
first training example we did X feature and we feature 0 0 data we have the second sample we the x and
y values then the surd sample x and y values.
Then the fourth sample and so on these training data set as far as the X or logical relationship is
concerned contains for training samples.
OK and we are dealing with floating point numbers.
What about the target date.
It is 0 1 1 0.
So this is what we have been talking about that these are the training samples the x and y all use and
we have the target variable is 0 1 1 0.
So that's why we have 0 1 1 0 as floating point numbers.
And basically this is why I like carious because building the model is that simple.
We just have to instantiate sequential clause.
We are going to define now on network layers in a sequence shell manner.
So if we define sequential we are able to order the given layer as this is the first layer as you can
see we don't have to define that input layer explicitly because it is going to be the first hidden layer
and if we define the number of inputs which is 2 What does it mean that the input layer contains two
now drones because we have two features.
0 0 0 1 1 0 and 1 1 the activation function is going to be really activation function.
Okay except for the output layer where we use sigmoid activation functions the first paramita ERs are
the output diam engines.
So the input Diamanda is to the output dimension is 16.
So basically it means that it has 60 now rowans in the hidden layer.
So OK we will have one hidden layer 2 3 4 5 6 7.
So we will have 7 hidden layers.
All of these layers contain 16 now roans.
So it's going to be a huge network network.
OK it's going to be an overkill because for so the X logical relationship we need just a single hidden
layer.
But of course we can use as many layers as we want.
We just need more training iterations.
OK so the activation function is going to be the real you activation function.
So this is what we have been talking about in particular section that is the role of deactivation function
is to make the natural network non-linear.
So if we do not use an activation function the output is going to be a linear combination of the input
and the educators.
OK and we the map of the activation function we can introduce non-linearity.
OK we can use the sigmoid activation function but a better approach is to use the read you directly
file in your unit activation function which is as you can see a very simple activation function.
The value is equal to the maximum out of 0 or x.
So this is the plot of the rectifier linear unit activation function.
Why is it good.
Because it can solve the vanishing gradient issue.
So we will see that if we use sigmoid activation functions then we need lots of lots of iterations and
lots of lots of Apple.
If we use the really activation function we are able to train the now run network with the help of future
iterations.
OK.
So this is the architecture we are going to use in the next lecture.
We are going to talk about the last function optimizer or metrics and so on.
Thanks for watching.